hello today we will continue learning
the numbers in the Standard Arabic and
the purity is lesson we learned how to
count from zero to twenty and we also
learned how to count or how to add by
tens like 10 20 30 and so on and this
lesson we will learn how to count from
20 to 100 and it should really be easy
for those who learned the numbers of the
previous lesson so look at the numbers
here
let's choose any number like 63 for
example how to say
63 in Arabic well it will in Arabic we
start with like the small number here 3
not not like the English in English we
say 63 we start with 6 3 button Arabic
we will start with 3 so it will be
Valletta was it tuned Salathe was it
tuned what means and so it is like three
and sixty falada was it tuned let's take
another number 25 it will be cancer-y
shrooming cancer-y Sean okay
88 Romania what Emani
Melania what the man 191 read what is
soon read what is someone I'm just
taking random numbers so now if I want
to say for example 92 it will be it man
what is sown 93 Colette that what you
say 94 and Barwick assume 95 come Celica
soon and so
okay now 72 if none was a balloon if
none was a balloon 54 all about what's
the last one
Arriba what's a typhoon
okay now I want to tell you something
important actually I'm - I'm teaching
you the numbers in the Standard Arabic
but I want you to know that in Arabic or
out of people usually don't use their
own at the end of the numbers like that
I do whenever anyone comes one it's
slightly different
we usually say Palestine or a bohemian
conceived so in a state of the own we
put the aim in the Standard Arabic one
is more like we say it more but usually
people in general say in more like for
example if you ask how much is this and
the item is 25 it's more likely that
they are going to say um-hum say we're
shrimp not Hamza why should but both are
fine and both are correct so I'm gonna
teach you both in this example 55 how do
we say 55 we can say comme cela I'm soon
or hamsa what I'm seeing
first I will come soon Isla is more like
a standard Arabic I'm Sarah Hansen is
more like used by people are people so
I'm just telling you that you can use
both of them and they are really similar
you just change that oil to in so
understable sit tune you say 16 and they
are both correct
let's take another example
like 46 we can say Citra water balloon
or sita for bein sick our balloon or sit
they were dying
okay so that's all I think now you can
count from 1 to 100 from the two lessons
that we had about the numbers at the end
I just want to show you some or teach
you something in Arabic like it might be
interesting for you like numbers what is
numbers in Arabic is our arm numbers are
form our farm a thousand and L else a
million million very similar million
million a billion Millie are Millie are
ok so that's all for today wait for my
next lesson and goodbye